Before we jump into our implementations with Emily let's take a moment to check out the both of the
API documentation.
So as you can see I know he has a huge list of methods to manipulate your tables and everything in between
them.
So as you can see you can use backup methods you can delete tables you can create tables and you can
do stuff with Nemo deeply and if you just go to one of those methods as like create a table you can
see that it is a very nice documentation about vitamin D and how we can work with it and you can also
see the parameters and what they are required for or even if they are optional or required.
And finally after three parameters you can see the return syntax for this method which is really nice
because you can simply type your implementation.
You can simply write your implementation against this return type return dictionary actually.
So both of free has a really cool and really nice API for dynamic deviation and you can go and check
this API at Boville 3.3 Darkstar.
And then searching for dynamic ADP.